docs(installation): update installation pages (#104)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/installation/index.md

Refer to [REP-2000](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html) for the system dependencies.

## Autoware

There are two ways to set up Autoware. Choose one according to your preference.

### 1. Docker installation

Docker can ensure that all developers in a project have a common, consistent development environment.

> It is recommended for beginners, light users, people who do not use Ubuntu.

Reviewer: With the word "light users", I meant the people who want to try out Autoware quickly without setting up the development environment.

So like this? (I know `quickly` is a bit ambiguous here. :thinking: )

```suggestion
It is recommended for beginners, people who want to try out Autoware quickly, and people who don't use Ubuntu.
```

> It is recommended for beginners, light users, people who do not use Ubuntu.

Author: I found that "light users" is made in Japan English.
The correct idiom is "casual users" who don't use much autoware.
So for me, I would be add "casual users" instead.

> It is recommended for beginners, light users, people who do not use Ubuntu.

Author: fixed by https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/104/commits/3c719259a286a93a3337cef6e1740ce7b35dcf4a

Refer to the [Docker installation guide](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/blob/main/docs/installation/autoware/docker-installation.md) for detailed steps.  
Refer to [autowarefoundation/autoware/docker/README.md](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware/blob/main/docker/README.md) as well.

### 2. Source installation

Source installation is for the cases where more granular control of the installation environment is needed.

> It is recommended for skilled users or people who want to customize the environment.  

Author: I agree!

Refer to [REP-2000](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html) for the system dependencies.

> ## Autoware

Reviewer: Hmm, I feel it seems a bit ambiguous with just "Autoware". :thinking:
@LalithVipulananthan @shmpwk Is it okay for you? 

```md
# Installation
## Target platforms
## Autoware
## Related tools
```

Author: The changing comes from here.
https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/104#discussion_r873280983

Looking at ROS2 documentation, "Installing hoge" might be easier to understand. :thinking:
![Screenshot from 2022-05-16 18-47-56](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42209144/168566111-af02b243-0d81-4cfe-9b0d-e6c1b347878f.png)

Reviewer: Looks good!

Author: Fixed by  https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/104/commits/f8b939b625e3ea9d19ae5706298549cb78272082

There are two ways to set up Autoware. Choose one according to your preference.

### 1. Docker installation

Docker can ensure that all developers in a project have a common, consistent development environment.
It is recommended for beginners, light users, people who do not use Ubuntu.

See [here](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/blob/main/docs/installation/autoware/docker-installation.md) for the detailed steps.  

> Refer to [autowarefoundation/autoware/docker/README.md](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware/blob/main/docker/README.md) as well.

Reviewer 2: @kenji-miyake On reflection, I feel that the Docker README file with example run commands should be added to the Autoware documentation. What do you think about this idea?

Reviewer: @LalithVipulananthan Hmm? I guess it's here. Could you explain it a bit more in detail?
https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/blob/9834c0e3d525648f3bcef1d22c8649b7e3386eb9/docs/installation/autoware/docker-installation.md?plain=1#L60

Reviewer 2: I understand the Docker installation page has a link to the advanced usage commands that are in the README of autowarefoundation/autoware/docker, but I just felt that for consistency these commands should be part of the core documentation. It's not that big a deal so if you think that information is fine where it is then that's okay! 😄 

That said, if the Docker installation page contains a reference to the README.md file, then we don't need to have a link to it on this page as well right?

Reviewer: > but I just felt that for consistency these commands should be part of the core documentation.

I think details should be in `autoware/docker/README.md` for easy maintenance and that the summary should be in autoware-documentation.

> That said, if the Docker installation page contains a reference to the README.md file, then we don't need to have a link to it on this page as well right?

Right, we can remove the duplicated link from this page.

Author: I think either would be fine, but it might be easier to understand as it is now. 
autoware-documentation installation page should include step by step installation, and detailed information don't have to be included there. 
Also, people who just take a glance at docker readme in github https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware/tree/main/docker might need some information.

### 2. Source installation

Source installation is for the cases where more granular control of the installation environment is needed.
It is recommended for skilled users or people who want to customize the environment.  

> Note that some problems may occur depending on your local environment.

Reviewer 2: @kenji-miyake Although in theory it is good to have this line as cover in case someone's environment breaks after installing Autoware, in practice I feel that it is too vague to be helpful. It also suggests that the installation process is not stable which is not true!

Could we remove this line perhaps?

Reviewer: @LalithVipulananthan How about writing like "Refer to the troubleshooting page when you occur a problem."?

Reviewer 2: This seems like a good compromise. Since installation problems could occur with Docker as well, could we add this suggestion further up the page around line 23? For example:

> There are two ways to set up Autoware. Choose one according to your preference. 
> If any issues occur during installation, refer to the Troubleshooting guide.

Reviewer: Yes, it's nice. :+1: 
@shmpwk Could you please update the documents as per Lalith-san's suggestion? :pray:

Author: StricIy speaking, "support page" is better than troubleshooting page https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/support/,  and I've fixed it.

Author: https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/104/commits/38068a960e1ced9ee0c0aebe2a9bb83980075d51

> See [here](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/blob/main/docs/installation/autoware/source-installation.md) for the detailed steps.  

Reviewer 2: Meaningful link text:

```suggestion
Refer to the [source installation guide](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/blob/main/docs/installation/autoware/source-installation.md) for detailed steps.
```

> Refer to the [autowarefoundation/autoware/README.md](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware/blob/main/README.md) as well.

Reviewer: If you write this here, it's better to remove `installation/autoware/index.md`.
It seems duplicated now.

https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/pr-104/installation/autoware/

Author: Ok, I removed the duplication.

Note that the botton of "Autoware" don"t work. 
Do you think it is ok? 
![0515](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42209144/168440049-24acaae6-d7c9-4122-b037-6cfb2f49f661.jpg)

Reviewer: Yes, I think it's okay. Thank you!

> Refer to the [autowarefoundation/autoware/README.md](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware/blob/main/README.md) as well.

Reviewer 2: The autowarefoundation/autoware/README.md has been changed quite significantly and no longer contains any information that is relevant to installing from source, so I think this line should be removed.

Author: Thank you.
Fixed by https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/104/commits/23ef5d26c46d4e75a9d157867a402280992d266c

> ## Installation of related tools

Reviewer 2: This was Miyake-san's suggestion for the title of this section and I agree that it reads better.

```suggestion
## Related tools
```

Some other tools are required depending on the evaluation you want to do.

> For example, if you run E2E simulation, you need to install a simulator for that.

Reviewer 2: It may not be obvious to someone what `E2E` means and it is only referred to once on this page, so it is better to write out that in full.

```suggestion
For example, to run an end-to-end simulation you need to install an appropriate simulator.
```

See [here](autoware) for how to install Autoware.

> ## Tools for users

Reviewer: If you change here, I think it's better to write like this.

```md
## Installation steps

### Autoware

### Tools for users
```

Reviewer: Also, if there is only one word "tools", I think we can change this section as well.

```suggestion
## Related tools
```

Or this?
```suggestion
## Peripheral tools
```

@LalithVipulananthan Any ideas?

Author: Thank you for your review and almost agree with you.

I think shallow hierarchy is more simpler?
like
```
- Installation
  - Installation steps of Autoware
  - Installation steps of related tools
  - Additional settings for developer
```
than 
```
- Installation
  - Installation steps 
    -  Autoware
    - Related tools
  - Additional settings for developer
```

Reviewer 2: A shallow hierarchy seems fine, but `Installation steps of Autoware` and `Installation steps of related tools` should be shortened to `Autoware installation` and `Related tools` IMO.

On a related note, I think that the Autoware installation page is so short that we could perhaps merge it with the index page? 🤔

Author: > A shallow hierarchy seems fine, but Installation steps of Autoware and Installation steps of related tools should be shortened to Autoware installation and Related tools IMO.

I agree!

> we could perhaps merge it with the index page? 

You mean [installation/index.md#autoware-installation](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/blob/f3b835552193a1f5c816d98741b2f00bd702ac24/docs/installation/index.md#autoware-installation) section is better to be merged with [installation/autoware/index.md](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/blob/f3b835552193a1f5c816d98741b2f00bd702ac24/docs/installation/autoware/index.md).

Yes, I agree it is simpler.
